Spec for NoHttpCache option (#12846)
NuGet/Home: proposed/2023/Add-NoHttpCacheOption.md

> # Title

Reviewer: Add an appropriate title.

- Author Name (https://github.com/Nigusu-Allehu)

> - Start Date (YYYY-MM-DD)

Reviewer: I'd just remove this. I'll remove it from the template. Not sure there's any benefit to it.

I created a PR to improve this: https://github.com/NuGet/Home/pull/12853

- GitHub Issue (https://github.com/NuGet/Home/issues/9180)
- GitHub PR (GitHub PR link)

## Summary

<!-- One-paragraph description of the proposal. -->

> The proposal seeks to eliminate user confusion regarding the `-NoCache`, `--no-cache`, and `RestoreNoCache` CLI options in dotnet.exe, nuget.exe, and msbuild.exe by introducing a new CLI option, `--no-http-cache`, which clearly specifies that it disables only HTTP cache caching, not the global packages folder. To ensure a smooth transition and avoid additional confusion, the old options will not be deprecated but will co-exist with the new option. Updated documentation will provide guidance on the specific functions of each option, allowing users to make informed decisions based on their caching needs.

Reviewer: if we're gonna list all options, we should list them in the correct order and say, `respectively` at the end of that sentence. 

Note that these are not *all* CLI options, as `RestoreNoCache` is a property. I'd just call them options to be unambiguously correct.

## Motivation 

<!-- Why are we doing this? What pain points does this solve? What is the expected outcome? -->
The motivation behind introducing the new `--no-http-cache` CLI option is to enhance user experience with clarity. Existing options like `-NoCache`, `--no-cache`, and `RestoreNoCache` have proven to be ambiguous, leading to misunderstaings about their functionality. 

## Explanation

### Functional explanation

<!-- Explain the proposal as if it were already implemented and you're teaching it to another person. -->
<!-- Introduce new concepts, functional designs with real life examples, and low-fidelity mockups or  pseudocode to show how this proposal would look. -->

> Imagine you're working on a .NET project and you're using various CLI tools like dotnet.exe, nuget.exe, and msbuild.exe. You've been using the `-NoCache`, `--no-cache`, or `RestoreNoCache` options to disable caching, but you're a bit confused because it doesn't seem to affect the global packages folder. Well, that's because these older options were designed to disable only the HTTP cache, not the global packages folder.

Reviewer: I'd just say `these options`, I'd just remove older, adds an unnecessary qualifier.

> To make things clearer, a new CLI option has been introduced: `--no-http-cache`. When you use this flag, it explicitly disables only the HTTP cache, leaving the global packages folder untouched. The older options are still there; they haven't been deprecated, so you can use them if you're used to them. 

Reviewer: You say the previous options haven't been deprecated, but we talked about potentially adding a warning to help move people towards the better named option.

> Here's a simple example with nuget restore:

Reviewer: `nuget restore` means different depending on context. I'd explicitly say that we're showing dotnet.exe restore here.

## Motivation 

<!-- Why are we doing this? What pain points does this solve? What is the expected outcome? -->
The motivation behind introducing the new `--no-http-cache`  option is to enhance user experience with clarity. Existing options like `-NoCache`, `--no-cache`, and `RestoreNoCache` have proven to be ambiguous, leading to misunderstandings about their functionality. 

## Explanation

### Functional explanation

<!-- Explain the proposal as if it were already implemented and you're teaching it to another person. -->
<!-- Introduce new concepts, functional designs with real life examples, and low-fidelity mockups or  pseudocode to show how this proposal would look. -->
Imagine you're working on a .NET project and you're using various CLI tools like dotnet.exe, nuget.exe, and msbuild.exe. You've been using the `-NoCache`, `--no-cache`, or `RestoreNoCache` options to disable caching, but you're a bit confused because it doesn't seem to affect the global packages folder. Well, that's because these options were designed to disable only the HTTP cache, not the global packages folder.

> To make things clearer, a new CLI option has been introduced: `--no-http-cache`. When you use this flag, it explicitly disables only the HTTP cache, leaving the global packages folder untouched. The previous options are still there; And they will have warnings to help move people towards the better named options. In addition, we will be hiding the existing `--no-cache` option from the CLI help output. The `--no-htt-cache` option will be shown in the CLI help output. This will help guide users to the new option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make things clearer, a new CLI option has been introduced: `--no-http-cache`. When you use this flag, it explicitly disables only the HTTP cache, leaving the global packages folder untouched. The previous options are still there; And they will have messages to help move people towards the better named options. In addition, we will be hiding the existing `--no-cache` option from the CLI help output. The `--no-http-cache` option will be shown in the CLI help output. This will help guide users to the new option.
```

## Prior Art

<!-- What prior art, both good and bad are related to this proposal? -->
<!-- Do other features exist in other ecosystems and what experience have their community had? -->
<!-- What lessons from other communities can we learn from? -->
<!-- Are there any resources that are relevant to this proposal? -->
* None
## Unresolved Questions

<!-- What parts of the proposal do you expect to resolve before this gets accepted? -->
<!-- What parts of the proposal need to be resolved before the proposal is stabilized? -->
<!-- What related issues would you consider out of scope for this proposal but can be addressed in the future? -->
To ensure a smooth transition, the current `-NoCache` options will be preserved. However, we would also like our users to know this option will only stop Http caching and that there is a new option `-NoHttpCache` which is clearer and does the same thing. As a result, printing a waring when users use the `-NoCache` option is ideal. I am not sure if the following is a sufficient warning \

> &ensp; `"NoCache is deprecated in favor of the appropriately named NoHttpCache."` 

Author: Hey @JonDouglas @albarry4, what do you think of this message?  Please let me know if you have any suggestion.
